### FS101_F2021, Assignment 8


Mark Schweickert
21st Century Technology: Blessing or Curse?
One technology that could cause more problems than it was designed to solve would be self-driving cars. This specific technology allows for cars to drive faster, more efficiently, without creating pollution, and by theoretically lowering the accident rate. Its main uses are to help the environment and to drive the car for the human to reduce human error while driving. Human error while driving causes accidents, so self-driving cars work to prevent accidents. This technology was designed to reduce air pollution and create a more environmentally friendly vehicle for human transportation needs. However, self-driving cars cause many dilemmas and problems. Firstly, the mile range on a full charge is not as much of a mile range on a normal unleaded gas car. This leads to the problem that chargers for these electric cars are not very common or spread out nicely yet in the United States, so the driver would have to deviate from their course to find a charger. Furthermore, it is also very possible that these self-driving cars could be hacked by a hacker and have their own data used against them. Said hacker could follow them home, know when they are not home, drive the car remotely, or even mess up a key system in a car.
The proposed solution of my technology is that they need to increase the battery life of the cars and increase security so hacking a car remotely is impossible. Specifically creating a closed loop system for the automobile to operate on, so hacking remotely would be impossible. Regarding battery life, manufacturers are looking for a four-hundred-mile range on a full charge. The actual solution of this technology is that is cuts down on carbon emissions and keeps the world greener and sustainable. Furthermore, it allows elderly people who would not normally drive, to have transportation. The major problems that are being created by this technology is risk of the vehicle being hacked and used against the owner, against their will. The damage is that human lives are being impacted through the risk of this technology being hacked. It is very possible that a hacker could cause a major accident or drive someone’s car off a cliff, which are both dangerous to human lives. Furthermore, a hacker could determine whether a person is home or not and know exactly when to break in and steal from their home. Now let’s say the car is connected to the home Wi-Fi, a top tier hacker could then hack into the Wi-Fi router of the home he plans to burglarize and turn off all the security cameras and unlock any electronic doors. There are tons of proof that self-driving cars are vulnerable to being hacked. In late February of 2021, the European Union Agency for Cybersecurity (ENISA) did a study and concluded that self-driving vehicles are extremely vulnerable to hacking because of the advanced computers and technology they contain.
One very relevant piece of information is its current application around the world. China, Japan, and Korea are all making various implications of adopting autonomous vehicles in their societies. These implications include developmental research and base production for approved models. Furthermore, some countries like India with high accident rates are hesitant to adopt the technology due to their high accident rate. In the United States social media is helping to push the idea of autonomous vehicles out to the public. However, in all of these countries mentioned have various government policies and legal restrictions that are holding the autonomous vehicles back from being mass produced and sent out. These legal restrictions prevent a the independent alternative intelligence function as it pertains to controlling a vehicle with a human inside without sufficient research. In the future as research and results become more conclusive, it is likely that these policies will dissolve and become irrelevant, however in today’s world the research and results show the technology is not safe enough for a vehicle to be completely autonomous. Another important topic is the International Conference on Machine Learning and how attacks on artificial intelligence are too likely to occur with the current state of alternate intelligence. One example of a test conducted there was that a stop sign was manipulated by placing a sticker on it, which misled the image recognition alternative intelligence system into thinking it was a forty-five mile per hour speed limit sign. This test was done to shown how dangerous self-driving cars would be at the moment due to lack of necessary development of the image recognition system. Within the early stage of developing technologies there is great uncertainty regarding their future success, as it pertains to autonomous vehicles. These companies that produce autonomous vehicles need to listen to their customers' uncertainties to help increase public support for autonomous vehicles. Right now, safety is the main and only concern regarding autonomous vehicles due to their high risk of AI malfunction. This is extremely dangerous and until the customers feel safe in the vehicles, they will not be bought at the rate that the producing companies would want. 
There is not much to be done to understand the problems for which the technology was designed to resolve as this moment. As technology continues to advance the problems foreseen by autonomous vehicles will most likely solve themselves with newer technologies. This technology is the only environmentally friendly vehicle on the market right now, so therefore it is the only option to help reduce carbon emissions. The ecofriendly aspect of autonomous vehicles helps push development from environmentalists and government officials who are focused on combating climate change. I think that if the technology is used right now it will be very successful for a while, then as more and more people get self-driving cars, they will start to malfunction more often and get hacked more often. I think that problems will escalate as more and more people get self-driving cars. This problem could be resolved by a simple security update or even a way for the driver to check if there is any interference with their vehicles computer system.




Bibliography

Kohl, Christopher, et al. “Anticipating Acceptance of Emerging Technologies Using Twitter: The Case of Self-Driving Cars.” Journal of Business Economics, Springer Berlin Heidelberg, 8 Mar. 2018, https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11573-018-0897-5.
By. “Https://Www.science.org/Lookup/Doi/10.1126/Science.aab1058 - Assignment.” Chapterpapers.com, 22 Sept. 2021, http://chapterpapers.com/https-www-science-org-lookup-doi-10-1126-science-aab1058/.
Raivo Sell, Mairo Leier, Anton Rassõlkin, Juhan-Peep Ernits, “Self-driving car ISEAUTO for 	research and education”, Research and Education in Mechatronics (REM) 2018 19th     	International Conference on, pp. 111-116, 2018.







---

(Did you remember to add your name(s) to the top of this document?)
